---
layout: page
title: About
---

### [News](/news) -- [Cemeteries](/cemeteries) -- [History](/history) -- [Testimonials](/testimonials)

Hollis Warner, owner and memorialist of Peconic Monument Works, has
been assisting families in designing their memorials for over 25 years
here on the east end of Long Island. Born and raised in Riverhead,
Hollis is a well respected member of the community who commits himself
to being an honorable business man who operates with integrity. His
vast knowledge of stonework along with his excellent relationships with
cemetery personnel serve to encourage families that they are in the
best of hands.

John Warner, Hollis' son, has an incredible attention to detail and a
commitment to quality that is second to none.  His excellent listening
ear paired with his creative design abilities make it so that he is
able to come alongside families and help bring their vision to life.
When it comes to installing memorials and repairing damaged memorials,
John's experience in stonework and antique restoration contribute to
his ability to execute both with excellence.

Ashley Warner, John's wife, adopted Paula's dedication to increasing
the use of technology as a means of better communicating with the
families. Ashley's love for people and her desire to encourage the
hearts of those who are hurting drive her to be the best at customer
service. Her priority is to work with families closely and to help walk
them through the process from start to finish, and makes herself
available to answer any questions in between!

Because we want to cater to the varying needs of the families who come
to us, we like to let people know that we can communicate through mail,
via email and fax, over the phone, or in person. In some cases family
members are spread throughout the United States or even the world, and
it would be our pleasure to serve you through whichever mode of
communication works best for you, without sacrificing our commitment to
customer service.

