---
layout: page
title: Services
---

### From A Marker To A Mausoleum - Your Full Service Memorial Shop

At George Hill Moore Peconic Monument Works we take pride in offering
our customers help through a possibly difficult and painful time of
dealing with the loss of a loved one.  The Warners remain sensitive to
the families' wishes and needs, and patiently work with the family to
help guide them through the many decisions in choosing a cemetery
monument.

Most people purchase a memorial once, or perhaps twice in a lifetime.
Because such purchases are made infrequently, it is understandable
difficult for a person to be thoroughly familiar with the main factors
that influence the quality and value of memorials.  The professional
counsel offered by Peconic Monument Works will enable you to make your
selection with full confidence.

Peconic Monument Works can help you choose a memorial that remembers
and honors your loved one.  The price of the memorial depends upon the
material used, its color, shape, size, design, lettering, and
personalization.

Some of the services and products we offer are listed below.

 * Memorials- Our motto is "From a Marker to a Mausoleum", meaning
   that we can help you with the need of matching an existing family
   marker at the cemetery plot, or in designing a beautiful memorial
   that will honor and commemorate the life of a loved one forever.
 * Bronze plaques - Sometimes plaques are made to be placed at a
   memorial park or planted tree, or sometimes they are set on an
   existing native stone or boulder.  We offer many different ideas
   and there are many different sizes of bronze plaques to choose
   from.
 * Mausoleums
 * Granite Cemetary Benches
 * Granite Vases
 * Cemetery Corner Posts
 * Inscription lettering (Names and/or years added to an existing
   monument, without removing the monument or disturbing the grave.)
 * Cemetery memorial cleanings
 * Repair work done on existing memorials on your family plot
 * Porcelain photos for memorials

Our service area: Eastern Long Island, NY,Mattituck, Peconic,
Southhold, Jamesport, Laurel, Hampton Bays, Sag Harbor, Quogue,
Northwest Harbor, Riverside, Manorville, East Northport, Hauppauge,
Brentwood, Rockypoint, Babylon, Islip, Bellport, Deer Park, Massapequa,
Lindenhurst, Melville, Smithtown, Centereach, Kings Park, Hicksville,
Levittown, Huntington, Commack and everywhere in between.


## Bronze Plaques

All bronze plaques are custom cast to size, design, and lettering
requests.




## Cemetery Corner Posts

Corner posts can be lettered with the family initial(s) or with a
design. They mark the four corners of a cemetery plot and can be
installed flush with the ground or cemetery permitting, above ground.




## Pet Memorials

Having a memorial made for your pet can be a special way to commemorate
their life and valued companionship. If you are interested in a
monument for your pet, we would love to work with you to design a
memorial that best depicts your vision and honors their memory.


Below are some cemeteries in which we frequently do work. Please know
we would welcome the chance to speak with you about a pet memorial
wherever the final resting place for your pet may be.

-Bideawee (Wantagh)

-Bideawee (Westhampton)

-Regency Forest (Middle Island)

