---
layout: page
title: Testimonials
main_nav: false
---

If you would like to see what our customers say about us, read below!
This page is dedicated to sharing the valued feedback of the familiies
that choose to bless us with the opportunity to serve them. If you
would like to add a testimonial, please email us at
info@peconicmonumentworks.com to have your words featured on our
website.

{% include page_divider.html %}

Dear Mr. and Mrs. Warner,

I was told by my grandma a long time ago that God blesses people
through people. Well the two of you have definitely blessed me by
exemplifying God's love and kindness to a total stranger.  You have
given me confirmation of His presence, and that I was not and am not
alone. Thanks again,

H. Lumbard, New Jersey

{% include page_divider.html %}

Dear Hollis,

Thank you from the bottom of my heart for your kindness, caring and
professionalism. This is the second time I have come to you, and again
you handled everything beautifully.

{% include page_divider.html %}

Dear Hollis,

Thank you once again for all the great restoration work you have done
for us. You are famous!

M. Van Lith, Brookhaven Hamlet New York

{% include page_divider.html %}

Dear Mr. and Mrs. Warner,

I want to thank you for your kindness to me and my family as we went
through the process of choosing the monument.  It is such a difficult
time and your professionalism and compassion shown through with every
decision.

S. Kajawski

{% include page_divider.html %}

Dear Hollis,

I just wanted to send you a note of thanks for the wonderful job you
did with my husbands' memorial plaque and stone. I was able to stop in
New York during a recent trip and  had a chance to go by Rothco and see
the garden where the stone was placed.  It bought me to tears; it was
perfect and brought a sense of closure for me.  I also thank you for
your patience and accommodating manner throughout this whole process.
There were so many times I felt like I couldn't't make a decision but
your guidance in the process bought just the result I desired.  Again,
thank you for the care you put forth on my behalf, I am greatly
appreciative. God bless you.

C. Sudler

{% include page_divider.html %}

Dear Hollis, Paula, John and Ashley,

Thank you for your guidance, service and patience during our time of
grief. We are very pleased with the headstone and it is a befitting
memorial.

P. Harrison, Arizona

{% include page_divider.html %}

Dear Hollis,

I truly appreciate how quickly you were able to do this for me and have
heard through many people who have gone to see it that it is so
beautiful. You and your family do a wonderful job with making people
feel comfortable while doing a very painful task of finding a perfect
headstone for their loved ones.

Thank you so much again for everything,

K. Caffrey

{% include page_divider.html %}

I want to express my sincere gratitude for the wonderful monument you
created for my mother.  My husband and I were able to see it yesterday
and are very pleased with the results.  You were truly very
professional and willing to listen to our needs and expectations.  I am
sure that my mom would be very pleased.  The monument detail describes
all that she loved.  Thank yo again and it was truly a pleasure working
with you.

V. and K. Liogrande. Miller Place, New York

{% include page_divider.html %}

Just a note to tell you that your warmth and efficiency has made a
difficult procedure easier to bear.  Thank you very much,

Gene

{% include page_divider.html %}

Dear Ashley,

My thanks to you, John and all the family for creating such a lovely
monument.  Your guidance and suggestions made a difficult task easier.
I also appreciated your patience with all the additions and changes.
Thank you for helping me find peace, comfort and closure. May God bless
you in this 'ministry'.

Sincerely,

A. Aschenbrener, Michigan/New York

